>> Steve Kinney: Not totally
related to hugging face.
I think one thing that's kind of
cool that is coming out is out
depending on what version of
Chrome you're on is in Chrome.
Google has three kind of Gemini Nano
models that are available
accessible from JavaScript in the browser,
a summarizer API,
a language detection API and a language
model like an LLM for text generation.
So not only do you have hugging face for
a lot of this stuff, both in JavaScript
as well as Python, but for stuff like
summary and even text generation,
they are multi gigabyte downloads that
the user has to download of your website.
So you can only really use them for
progressive enhancement.
And they're only available in the browser.
But some of these are also things that you
will be able to do in, in the browser.
It's like tiers of rollout.
Some of them are just available,
some of them are only available in Chrome
extensions, some of them only
available in a feature flag,
some only available in Chrome 137 and
higher.
So you can't totally rely on
them just yet, but you will.
So yeah, we have this idea of
summary where it will come and
summarize it down a little bit as well.
Nothing particularly fancy.
And you gotta kinda play around with
where the stop token is cuz you can see
it kinda stops here.
And so you can figure out either a,
how you wanna massage at or
where you wanna cut sentences,
so on and so forth.
So summarization there it exists.
Nothing super exciting about that one.
It does what you think it's gonna
do as you kinda go along, right?
And again, everything.
Quality versus length,
trade off, so on and so forth.
The one that is somewhat
interesting though is this name and
named entity recognition, right?
Where this will look
at a piece of text and
it'll try to pull out
the nouns effectively, right?
Like the places and it will categorize and
labels like, New York City,
that is a location, right?
John Smith is a person,
Apple Incorporated is a company, right?
It will like pull out like multiple things
and kind of show it to you and label it.
So let's run that cuz I think it'll
take a second or two to download, but
then we'll look at the text
while that happens.
So here we have a bunch of strings of text
like we've had the whole way through and
we have run through them all and
basically pass them to this pipeline.
And then we're just going to try to get
a sense of where are the various different
pieces that it knows about that it
will pull out so you can make some.
These are written in a way where.
Where they should all be somewhat rich
with a few things in them, right?
Most of them have some kind of location,
some kind of either company or
person in them, right?
And you'll see that,
like just based on strings of text.
I should just go down and
see how big the model is.
This one's a little bit bigger.
Hence the talking.
Because it needs to have effectively
a dictionary of these terms.
And it's not like that far off from the
idea of this question answering that we
saw earlier, except that it has kind of.
It's like a few of these kind of mixed.
If you think about it.
Where it.
Will pull out the word,
the label it gave it from that set of.
I have a table down here
that'll show them to you.
For most models, whether it's per.
Or person, depends on the model, per se,
org location or geopolitical entities,
dates, times, you can start to
pull out these core things,
which is also, again,
super kind of an interesting thing.
I was saying the other day that
one of the interesting things that
we can build with AI are a lot of
things that people want to build.
The hard part is not the code.
The hard part is taking unstructured
data and making it structured.
If you wanted to make a list of
every lunch special in Minneapolis,
writing the code to have a website of
every lunch special in Minneapolis is
not the hard part.
It is pulling out the locations and
the times and the places and so
on and so forth.
That's the hard part.
So tools that let you then take
arbitrary unstructured data and
pull it out in a structured way and then
turn it into an array, a database row or
what have you, I think is the thing where
we see a whole bunch of stuff that would
have been hard and needed a lot of human
power to do becomes a lot easier and
opens up a whole new set of things.
So you can kind of see in these output.
See, talked long enough.
Now the answers are here.
So, yeah, 1.3 gigs, not bad.
Also did not take that long
on servers that are not mine.
So you can see like Microsoft,
that's an organization.
It's pretty confident about that.
It will also kind of
give you the start and
end point of where that showed
up in the string, right?
So you could do stuff where you can
even grab something and highlight it,
like if you wanted to.
Bill Gates, That sounds like a person.
It's pretty confident about that.
Albuquerque in New Mexico
pulled those out as places.
So it Kind of just takes
arbitrary text and
can categorize through
a known set of things.
The earlier zero shot
classification that we saw before,
you get to define any category you want,
right?
And it could pull out or label a given
string of text the whole way through.
The question answering that we saw
earlier could answer a question and
give you the start and end point.
This kind of does a little bit of both,
where you can both have a known set of
categories and then also give an arbitrary
string of text and we'll pull out
those things exactly where they were
found in there, so on and so forth.
John Smith Apple Cupertino, California so
on and so forth begins to pull out
all of these kind of core and
important things in there as well.
So the named entity recognition,
depending on the model,
it has a set of things that it recognizes,
and that's all you notice that one was
like several times bigger
than the previous ones.
So if you wanted one that could like find
dates, phone numbers, email addresses,
maybe it'd be a different model.
Yeah, yeah.
And with some of these,
I think these are the common ones, but
you can see some of them
vary based on the model.
Right.
I would wonder if there are like specialty
ones that could theoretically have
a few more categories as well, right?
Phone numbers are interesting too,
because at what point is
that actually just a regex?
Unclear.
But as I joked about myself earlier,
then revert back to my younger self,
I know how to regex that one.
>> Male: What's the smart way to store
entities after you harvest them or
retrieve them out of text?
>> Steve Kinney: So
I guess what are you trying to do, right?
>> Male: Let's say you have
more of an interactive app and
you wanna make sure you're not doing all
of the same work over and over again.
Like, is that something you'd handle
at the app level or is there.
Are there constructs that work with LLMs
where it's like, hey, this is in context,
the entities we're
talking about previously.
Is it kinda flagging the data?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, I mean,
I think that becomes like
a data storage caching thing.
Right?
Like, that's where my mind
immediately jumps to.
Right?
I would probably, don't hold me to this.
My immediate answer is like,
I would like hash the initial input.
Have I processed this before?
If so, pull what I have already,
so on and so forth.
That is the initial place my mind
jumps to, which is hash it, cache it,
and then pull it out again if I needed it.
And then what do you do with that data?
Are you trying to count how many
times the United nations is
mentioned across the thing?
I think then it depends on what
application you're trying to build or
what are you processing data,
so on and so forth.
But yeah, as you can see, like, even stuff
like half counts as a percent, right?
And likely when we look at how attention
works, it will be half in that context,
and we'll see how that works
in a little bit as well.